

1. Instead of using FloatImage to store the image data when it is too large,
   use a new scheme where the actual image is used as the data cache.  (As
   it is now, FloatImage creates a new cache, which takes a long time, though
   once created the performance isn't bad.)  We may be able to use some stuff
   from float_blob, from Britton's viewer.

2. Make the decision to load the image in memory or cache smarter.  Currently
   we just have a hard-coded cutoff of 500MB.  We should try to allocate
   enough memory for the entire image, and fall back to cache if there is
   not enough.

3. The ALOS filename detection needs to be smarter.  Currently, running
   "ssv dir/IMG-HH-something" doesn't work -- the presence of "dir" confuses
   the loading code.

4. You are currently required to specify a filename on the command line.
   Running without an argument should load a blank image, and the user can
   then load something.

5. The "Settings" tab is empty.  Some ideas for what goes in here:

   a.  Choose what color the crosshairs/lines are.
   b.  Select how the data is mapped from floating points to bytes.  We
       currently only do 2-sigma.
   c.  Toggle between starting up in 1:1, or full extent.

   For (c) to be sensible, we'd have to allow saving the settings for
   use the next time you run ssv.

6. Currently the only way to look at a band other than the first of a
   multi-band file is to use the "-band" command line option.  I don't
   know if this would be appropriate for the settings tab -- those
   probably shouldn't be image-specific, but somehow the user should be
   able to switch bands inside the program.  Another button in the
   toolbar, perhaps?  Brings up a band selector, then acts like you are
   loading a new file?

7. The histogram doesn't look good for raw ceos data, since it only has
   a subset of the full 0-256 range.  So, the histogram looks sparse.
   I'm not sure how to best solve this problem.  Make the bars wider,
   when this situation is detected?  Make the histogram shorter? Of course,
   the vertical spacing needs to be uniform, so we can't just shrink out
   the zero sections.

8. Support for geotiffs.

9. Support for other images types like jpeg, png.

10. Support for looking at color images.

11. Support for combining multi-band images into color imagery.
   
